Festival is currently actively developed by:

	Alan W Black      (Carnegie Mellon University)
	Rob Clark         (Edinburgh University)
        Junichi Yamagishi (Edinburgh University)
	Keiichiro Oura    (Nagoya Institute of Technology)

The following people and organisations have contributed to the
development of Festival in various ways.  It is their work that makes
it all possible.

Alan W Black    Overall design, most of the front end and software control
Paul Taylor     Overall design, most of the back end
Richard Caley   for doing lots of difficult and boring bits
Rob Clark       Intonation, multisyn voice building, general developement and
                maintenance.
Keiichiro Oura  Updated HTS engine and API
Junichi Yamagishi
                HTS voices
Korin Richmond  Multisyn engine, swig wrappers and general developement.
Heiga Zen       HTS engine
Brian Foley     Mac OSX support
Kevin Lenzo     for speaking a bunch of different nonsense words,
                design and improvements to the clunits module,
                and co-author of the whole festvox project
Alistair Conkie various low level code points and some design work
                Spanish synthesis, recording Roger
Steve Isard     design of diphone schema, LPC diphone code, and
                  directorship
EPSRC           who funded awb and pault
Carnegie Mellon University 
                who fund awb
David Huggins Daines (Cepstral, LLC)
                configure, and lots of Linux associated bugs
Sun Microsystems Laboratories
                For believing in us and their generosity.
AT&T Research Labs
                For providing funding and using our work
Paradigm Assoc. and George Carrett
                For Scheme In One Defun
CNET, France Telecom
                for use of Donovan diphones and some code in
                modules/donovan (used with permission)
The beta testers
                Thanks for wanting to use the system, you make it 
                worth doing. (And thanks for helping me debug my code.)
                You all responded to my requests fast and accurately
                thanks, even when I dumped last minute changes on you
Andy Donovan    for speaking a bunch of nonsense words
Roger Burroughes for speaking another bunch of nonsense words
Kurt Dusterhoff for speaking another bunch of nonsense words
Amy Isard       for her SSML project and related synthesizer
Mike Macon      for signal processing advice
Richard Tobin   for answering all those difficult questions,
                and the socket code, and rxp the XML parser
Simmule Turner and Rich Salz
                command line editor: editline
Borja Etxebarria
                For Spanish synthesis and answer signal processing
                questions
Briony Williams Welsh synthesis
Jacques H. de Villiers
                from CSLU at OGI, for the TCL interface.
ATR and Nick Campbell  
                for first allowing Paul and Alan to work together
Oxford Text Archive 
                For the computer users version of Oxford Advanced
                Learners' Dictionary redistributed with permission
Reading University
                for access to MARSEC from which the phrase break
                model was trained.
Mari Ostendorf  For giving access to the FM Radio Corpus from which
                some models were trained.
LDC & Penn Tree Bank 
                from which the POS tagger was trained, redistribution
                of the models is with permission from the LDC.
Grady Ward      for the MOBY pronunciation lexicon
FSF             for G++, make, .... 

and others too.



